CompositionMARTINEZ HERCULES DE SOLAS PEDRO LUIS round, your body forming a flattened ?V? shape.  Depending on your fitness level, your hands can be in one of three positions.  Beginner ? hands on the ground, behind your back; Intermediate ? hands next to your knees, moving in and out as you perform the movement; Advanced ? hands interlaced behind your head
o   On the command ?IN?, bring your knees in to your chest, maintaining your balance
o   Return to the start position.  This is one repetition.
o   After set is complete, switch to right cheek ? on your right hip, legs and knees together, straight in front of you, about 6? off the ground, your right elbow on the ground supporting your torso off the ground, your left hand behind your head.  On the command ?IN?, keeping knees together, bring knees in to chest until you can touch your left elbow to your knees.  Return to start position.  This is one repetition.
o   After set is complete, switch to left cheek ? on your left hip, legs and knees together, about 6? off the ground, your left elbow on the ground supporting your torso off the ground, your right hand behind your head.  On the command ?IN?, keeping knees together, bring knees in to chest until you can touch your right elbow to your knees.  Return to start position.  This is one repetition.
 
·         Hawaiians
o   Start with your legs together, straight in front of you, about 6? off the ground, your torso off the ground, your body forming a flattened ?V? shape, your hands in front of you (off the ground).
Legs together, 6'' off and torso off ground forming V
Lift legs or bent knees toward body alternatively moving your hands from side to side and touching the ground.
o   This exercise is mostly a hold exercise, where you hold the position for a certain count (10).  To increase the intensity, some lift their legs on each count.  Others do a very slight scissor movement with their feet.  Most move their hands from side to side like a ?hula? dancer might in pace with the count.  When the count is complete, move to the next side or set, as appropriate.
o   Right Cheek ? Start in the same position as before, except with your weight on your right butt cheek.  Again, this is a hold exercise for a certain count (10) with the variations mentioned previously.
o   Left Cheek ? Same as right cheek, except performed on left side.
o   Ropes ? Return to the initial start position, legs off the ground, balanced on your butt.  Your legs will be slightly bent and the knees separated, as if you are sitting with a rope coming down from the ceiling between your legs.  When the group leader yells ropes, clap your hands high above your heads and make the motion of climbing the rope keeping your legs off the ground and your body almost upright.  Each time the right arm is brought down, a number is counted off: 10?9?8?and so on, until 0.
o   Drink water